<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [List][1]
    -   [Parameters][2]
    -   [Examples][3]
-   [ListProps][4]
    -   [Properties][5]
    -   [Examples][6]
-   [Section][7]
    -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [Examples][9]
-   [SectionProps][10]
    -   [Properties][11]
-   [Metadata][12]
    -   [Examples][13]
-   [QbeSection][14]
    -   [Parameters][15]
    -   [Examples][16]
-   [QbeSectionProps][17]
    -   [Properties][18]
-   [dbName][19]
-   [Dialog][20]
    -   [Properties][21]
    -   [Examples][22]
-   [openWorkflowDialog][23]
    -   [Parameters][24]
-   [openPhotoUpload][25]
    -   [Parameters][26]
-   [openDocumentUpload][27]
    -   [Parameters][28]
-   [openDocumentViewer][29]
    -   [Parameters][30]
-   [openBarcodeScan][31]
    -   [Parameters][32]
-   [barcodeScanCb][33]
    -   [Parameters][34]

## List

& React Native FlatList implementation of the MaximoPlus List.
& By default, the system implements infinite scrolling.

### Parameters

-   `props` **[ListProps][35]** 

### Examples

```javascript
<List
  listTemplate="po"
  container="pocont"
  columns={["ponum", "description", "status"]}
  selectableF={_ => NavigationService.navigate("POSection")}
  norows={20}
  initdata={true}
/>
```

## ListProps

List properties parameter

Type: [Object][36]

### Properties

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the container
-   `listTemplate` **[string][37]** Defines the template for the flat list item. The template is the function that gets the Maximo data and returns one row of the list. The data coming from Maximo is the object with the column names as keys. The special key \_SELECTED designates the record in MboSet is selected.
-   `columns` **[Array][38]** The columns to be displayed in the list
-   `norows` **[number][39]** Initial number of rows displayed in the list
-   `initdata` **[boolean][40]** If true, fetch the data automatically.
-   `selectableF` **[Function][41]** When the user tap on the list item, the system moves the current MboSet row. After that, the action specified in selectableF is executed. Usually, that is the function that navigates to the other screen of the application

### Examples

```javascript
listTemplate example:
  qbevaluelist: ({ VALUE, DESCRIPTION, _SELECTED }) => (
   <ListItem
     title={VALUE}
     subtitle={DESCRIPTION}
     leftIcon={
       _SELECTED === "Y" ? <Icon name="check" type="font-awesome" /> : null
     }
   />
 )
```

## Section

Section component

### Parameters

-   `props` **[SectionProps][42]** 

### Examples

```javascript
<Section
  container="posingle"
  columns={[
    "ponum",
    "description",
    "status",
    "shipvia",
    "orderdate",
    "vendor",
    "vendor.phone",
    "revcomments"
  ]}
  metadata={{
    SHIPVIA: {
      hasLookup: "true",
      listTemplate: "valuelist",
      filterTemplate: "valuelist"
    },
    "VENDOR.PHONE": { phonenum: true },
    REVCOMMENTS: { barcode: true, label: "Barcode test" }
  }}
/>
```

## SectionProps

Section component properties

Type: [Object][36]

### Properties

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the container
-   `columns` **[Array][38]** The columns displayed in the section
-   `metadata` **[Metadata][43]** The metadata of the columns

## Metadata

Metadata type specifies the metadata for the component. The keys of the object are the column names in upper case, and the values are the object defined maps of metadata defined on the column.

Type: [Object][36]

### Examples

```javascript
{{
  SHIPVIA: {
    hasLookup: "true",
    listTemplate: "valuelist",
    filterTemplate: "valuelist"
  },
  "VENDOR.PHONE": { phonenum: true },
  REVCOMMENTS: { barcode: true, label: "Barcode test" }
}}
```

## QbeSection

QBE Section component - Maximo QBE search

### Parameters

-   `props` **[QbeSectionProps][44]** 

### Examples

```javascript
<QbeSection
   container="pocont"
   columns={["ponum", "description", "status", "shipvia"]}
   navigateTo="POList"
   metadata={{
     SHIPVIA: {
       hasLookup: true,
       listTemplate: "qbevaluelist",
       filterTemplate: "qbevaluelist"
     },
     STATUS: {
       hasLookup: true,
       listTemplate: "qbevaluelist",
       filterTemplate: "qbevaluelist"
     }
   }}
 />
```

## QbeSectionProps

QBE Section component properties

Type: [Object][36]

### Properties

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the container
-   `columns` **[Array][38]** The columns displayed in the section
-   `metadata` **[Metadata][43]** The metadata of the columns
-   `navigateTo` **[string][37]** The page to navigate to after the search is completed. If not specified, application navigates to the previous screen

## dbName

The constant defines the name of the offline database. To avoid conflicts between different applications on the device, define the unique name for each. The .env file is the recommended location for that.

## Dialog

Dialogs are applications screens detached from the usual application flow, same as in Maximo.
The Dialog has a mandatory "type" parameter that defines the kind of dialog opened by the application.
Users can define an arbitrary number of additional attributes.

Type: [Object][36]

### Properties

-   `type` **[string][37]** The type of the dialog to open. React Navigation opens the screen defined by the type. By default, all the dialogs are defined in the  DialogNavigation.js file

### Examples

```javascript
openDialog({ type: "documentUpload", container, folder });
```

## openWorkflowDialog

Use this function to open a dialog to route the Maximo workflow.

### Parameters

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the contaienr
-   `processName` **[string][37]** The name of the active main workflow process for the application

## openPhotoUpload

Use this function to open a dialog and activates the device camera. The photos are uploaded to the Maximo doclinks.

### Parameters

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the container

## openDocumentUpload

Use this function to open a dialog with the device file picker. The files are uploaded to Maximo doclinks folder.

### Parameters

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the container
-   `folder` **[string][37]** The Maximo DOCLINKS folder

## openDocumentViewer

Use this function to open a file picker for the doclinks files uploaded for the current Mbo

### Parameters

-   `container` **[string][37]** The id of the container

## openBarcodeScan

Use this function to open a barcode scan dialog

### Parameters

-   `onScan` **[barcodeScanCb][45]** The callback function

## barcodeScanCb

Type: [Function][41]

### Parameters

-   `barcodeNumber` **[string][37]** The decoded barcode number

[1]: #list

[2]: #parameters

[3]: #examples

[4]: #listprops

[5]: #properties

[6]: #examples-1

[7]: #section

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #examples-2

[10]: #sectionprops

[11]: #properties-1

[12]: #metadata

[13]: #examples-3

[14]: #qbesection

[15]: #parameters-2

[16]: #examples-4

[17]: #qbesectionprops

[18]: #properties-2

[19]: #dbname

[20]: #dialog

[21]: #properties-3

[22]: #examples-5

[23]: #openworkflowdialog

[24]: #parameters-3

[25]: #openphotoupload

[26]: #parameters-4

[27]: #opendocumentupload

[28]: #parameters-5

[29]: #opendocumentviewer

[30]: #parameters-6

[31]: #openbarcodescan

[32]: #parameters-7

[33]: #barcodescancb

[34]: #parameters-8

[35]: #listprops

[36]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Object

[37]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/String

[38]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[39]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Number

[40]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Boolean

[41]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function

[42]: #sectionprops

[43]: #metadata

[44]: #qbesectionprops

[45]: #barcodescancb
